EPISODE 13
Hey.
Where are you going?
I'm going home.
Can you see me?
The thing is...
Just come here.
Jun-hui.
Don't be like that.
Didn't you hear me?
Long time no see.
How have you--
- Let's go.
- What are you doing?
Your dad is here.
Don't mind him.
You shouldn't treat him like this.
I know how you must be feeling, but--
You know?
And still, you're being like this?
Are you sure you know how I feel?
What do you know?
How much do you think you know?
Fine, I don't know. I don't know anything.
I did what I thought I should do,
and I won't change my mind.
I agreed to meet him today,
so don't make a fuss about it.
Jin-a.
Don't act like a kid.
He's not some stranger. He's your dad.
Says who?
Who the hell said that man is my father?
Jun-hui.
Do as you please.
You can do whatever you want,
but don't expect me to do the same.
I'm sorry about that.
It's okay.
So, are we canceling the plan?
Damn it!
It wouldn't be a bad idea
to have dessert first.
Okay.
After you.
Where are you going?
Jun-hui, where are you going?
I suspected
that something might be going on
between you and Jun-hui.
Every time you talked about him
at the hotel...
How should I put it?
Shall I say that you seemed nervous?
Anyway, I could tell
that something was up.
I'm sorry.
That too.
I wondered why you kept saying sorry,
but it must have been about him.
I'm sorry...
It makes me happy.
I mean, it's you, Jin-a. I'm happy to know
that you are going out with Jun-hui.
I think it's wonderful.
Do you really mean it?
You know, I've been told
that I'm too honest with women.
Thank you for being so understanding.
Why wouldn't I be?
Do your parents know?
Yes.
They must be happy for you, right?
Well, they didn't see it coming,
so I think they are a bit taken aback.
I see.
But they will come to understand
of us soon.
You know my parents.
They may be conservative,
but they are not that unreasonable.
If so, why did they make you
go on a blind date?
Well...
This really hurts my pride.
Go on.
Sir, could you turn the radio off?
Sure.
Hello.
Are you trying to reach Jun-hui?
Is he up there?
No, he isn't.
- He's not at work?
- No, he got off work.
I am not completely sure
if he got off work,
but he took his bag and left.
He seemed to be in a rush.
When?
I don't know. What time was it?
Maybe around 7:00 p.m.?
- Thank you.
- Sure.
Something just came up.
I'm going back this week.
I'm not hiding anything.
I don't keep secrets from you.
It's not a big deal, that's why.
Yes.
There will be tickets
since it's not peak season.
Don't worry.
Don't forget to lock the doors at night.
I'll call you before I get on the plane.
Okay.
Hello.
Have this as your late-night snack.
- Goodness, thank you so much.
- I got it for you.
By the way, your brother was very drunk.
- He came home?
- Just a little while ago.
He was completely wasted.
I've never seen him like that.
Thank you.
Hey, Seo Jun-hui! Hey!
How much did you drink?
Come on. Get up!
If you're going to sleep,
sleep in your bed.
Gosh, what's gotten into you?
How much did you drink?
Sleep in your bed. Lie down.
My gosh.
My goodness.
What have you been up to?
Hey, let go!
You crazy punk. Stay still.
What on earth have you been up to?
Did he really break up with Jin-a?
You startled me.
These are the stores you're in charge of.
Why don't you keep managing
the Suseo store?
Are you teasing me or what?
There's no point anymore.
Why would you take it like that?
Why wouldn't I?
Things got a bit awkward
between you and Ms. Seo, right?
Why would you ask me that all of a sudden?
Well, I just figured
that things cannot be the same
since you two are not just friends anymore
now that you are dating her brother.
It's not like that.
I only suggested that
because you've been managing
the store until now.
Well, it's not like I am eager
to keep managing the store.
But if it's uncomfortable for you to--
I'll take it over. Give it to me.
Since when were you so supportive of her?
Is something wrong?
Later.
Gosh.
Hello.
Seung-cheol, it's Jin-a.
Yes, hi.
He's not there?
Are you saying he didn't come to work?
Yes, I was told that he took the day off.
For what reason?
I'm not sure.
Hasn't he called you?
Hello?
Sang-gi?
May I ask who this is?
I'm Gyeong-seon's dad.
Oh, my.
It's been so long.
Your number hasn't changed.
No, it hasn't. I didn't expect
to get a call from you.
How have you been?
I'm doing well.
Oh, I see.
May I ask what the occasion is?
Are you busy?
Of course not. I'm retired now.
I'm just spending every day
not doing much.
Then why don't we meet today?
Pardon?
It's only been a few days
since I bought groceries.
Why are we out of so many things already?
Maybe I should stop making kimchi
starting from this year.
The kids don't even eat at home anyway.
What about Gyeong-seon and Jun-hui?
I'm not their mom.
Don't be like that.
You shouldn't take it out on them.
Are you going to cut ties with them?
I will if I have to.
My gosh.
I'm trying my best right now.
You and Seung-ho
keep telling me that I'm wrong.
So I'm trying hard to hold myself back.
What more do I need to do?
- What did I do?
- You nagged me.
What now?
Well...
Never mind.
What is wrong with you?
Well, the thing is...
Gyeong-seon's dad wants to see me today.
He must be in Korea.
Why would he...
Why does he want to meet?
I don't know.
Tell him to forget it. Don't meet him.
I already said I would.
My gosh, Yoon Sang-gi!
Are you trying to ruin
your daughter's life?
I'm a dad.
I'm Jin-a's father!
Just what do you take me for?
Stop disrespecting me!
How dare you!
What do you mean they were persuaded?
Kong Cheol-gu...
Mr. Kong has been taking some
of the female employees out for meals
and telling them not to tell on him.
He even said
that they are at fault to a degree,
and it would be good for everyone
to just call it even.
So?
They're young,
and he's their boss.
I think they are pressured
to keep quiet about it.
Well...
I think
they feel relieved in a way.
What do you mean?
Jin-a can't be the only victim.
But most of them are scared
that they might have to come forward
as well.
It seems like they are going to use him
as an excuse to stay quiet.
They are trying to make Jin-a
fight the battle alone.
What if Jin-a changes her mind as well?
You wanted to see me?
- Are you busy these days?
- No, not really.
But of course, I'm working very hard.
You should be.
But it doesn't seem you are.
I don't understand what you mean.
Please be more specific.
Sure.
That's not a problem.
This is...
Move your hand.
What you just did was sexual harassment.
No, wait. That was...
If you try to cover this up,
I can make you pay
for something you didn't even do.
- Would you like me to do that?
- No, ma'am.
I'd better not see you lurking around
our female employees.
Is Jin-a at her desk?
Okay.
I'd like two Americanos.
- For here, please.
- Okay.
Is there something going on with Jun-hui?
I can't reach him.
He didn't even go to work.
He didn't go to work?
I guess you didn't know.
He took the day off.
I thought you two broke up.
Then what's wrong with him?
Why did he get drunk to the point
where he has to skip work?
Did he drink a lot?
He wasn't just drunk.
He was completely wasted.
He even hurt his hand.
Maybe he got into a fight
or broke something.
He got hurt?
It wasn't serious.
Did nothing happen between you two?
I met your dad.
He came to meet me at the office.
Jun-hui happened to see me with your dad.
What's wrong with you?
Why would you meet our dad?
So that you can ask him
to help you get married to Jun-hui?
I know I make a lot of mistakes,
but I'm not that thoughtless.
He got you guys gifts,
but he couldn't give them to you himself.
I was worried
that I might end up making things worse
between you and your dad.
It's not like I didn't think it through.
So...
how did Jun-hui react?
Did he fight with Dad?
He didn't even look at him.
Plus, he probably hated the fact
that I met up with your dad.
He was really angry.
I've never seen him that angry before.
That's all that happened.
And I haven't been able to reach him
since then.
He's probably not home now, right?
He's not there.
I made hangover soup for him
and went over, but he wasn't there,
so I thought he had left early for work.
Where on earth did he go?
I think...
I made a mistake.
He got so worked up in front of your dad,
so I told him to stop acting like a kid.
It must have hurt his feelings.
Everyone is driving me nuts.
My gosh.
HERE LIES JEONG IN-HYE
Mom.
It's been a while, right?
I'm sorry I am late.
I'll make it up to you.
I wish he'd try not to worry me.
You're still here.
Do you know how many years
I've been commuting by subway?
I can go home with my eyes closed.
Take my phone.
I'll call you from my work phone.
Seriously...
That way, I won't worry.
Like I've explained to you,
Jin-a might say a lot of things about--
Well...
there are many people who are
at the same job level as you, right?
There are many assistant managers indeed.
Everyone must be fiercely competing
for a promotion.
Well... Who's the ace?
The one who stands out.
I'm not sure.
I guess higher-ups
would have a better idea about that.
Then it'd be Jin-a, of course.
Obviously, I'm rooting for you,
but it's...
You know how things are done here.
The ones
who suck up to higher-ups would...
Well, you know.
But I don't think like that.
Of course not.
Obstacles should be removed
sooner than later.
Considering many aspects...
Wouldn't that be wise?
I think you're right, sir.
Of course, I'm right. In my whole life,
I've never...
Yes, nonsense.
People who talk nonsense
are the ones that I hate the most.
What do you want to talk to me about?
You look so serious.
No, it's nothing serious.
What did you want to discuss?
Go on.
Well, it's just about...
Back when you were
starting this company...
You see, money is a funny thing.
You helped me out a lot
when I started this company.
I'm still very grateful for that.
We're a family,
so you don't need to thank me.
I know that our wives are distant cousins,
but we're still a family, you know.
My wife is also grateful
for all of your help.
That's why we wanted to pay you back
at a high interest rate,
but you refused
saying it makes you uncomfortable.
Who charges a family member interest?
Gosh, that'd be so petty.
I must say,
you keep emphasizing that we're a family.
I'm like your older brother, you know.
I mean, it's not like
we're complete strangers or something.
Gosh.
You should make sure to sort things out
before the problem rises to the surface.
You know,
I draw a clear line
between work and my personal life.
Of course.
Everyone should draw a clear line
between work and personal matters.
Will this be enough?
Should we order more food?
- No, don't order more.
- This should be enough.
By the way, what's gotten into you?
Why are you treating us?
It's so hard to find a time
that works for everyone.
I've always wanted to treat you guys.
I'm so glad that we don't have
company dinners these days.
I wish we could hang out like this
more often.
- Right?
- Yes, totally.
By the way, do you guys know this?
About the sexual harassment issue...
People could say
that it was partially our fault.
Why? We're the victims.
Some will definitely say that we probably
gave them a reason to behave like that.
Are you saying people will think
that we asked for it?
Gosh, don't get so worked up.
I'm not talking about you guys.
I feel bad for saying this, but...
How should I put this? Jin-a was...
way too much of a pushover.
Well, don't get me wrong.
She's very friendly, you know.
That's why she crosses the line sometimes
without even realizing it.
Why? Bo-ra and I used to
warn you about it.
We told you not to learn that from her.
It's true that we, the female employees,
are the victims,
but people might say
some of us are equally to blame
for what happened.
I'm a bit concerned about that.
Especially...
the ones who are close to Jin-a
are more likely to be unfairly blamed.
Aren't you leaving?
Oh, I will. I'm going to leave in a bit.
You must have a lot on your mind.
No, I'm fine.
How can you be fine? I know
you're under more stress than anyone else.
What exactly are you talking about?
Well, I'm just saying I know
how stressful things must be for you.
You're stressed out, aren't you?
No, I'm not stressed out about anything.
Everything's fine regarding work.
But if you're talking about anything else,
I must say you are being a bit nosy.
I must have crossed the line.
Don't get me wrong. See you.
What's he doing?
Hey, Seung-ho.
Why do you sound so excited?
Are you with Jun-hui?
I was going to ask you that.
Do you know where he is?
Where are you?
I'm at school.
Why is Jun-hui's cell phone turned off?
I don't know.
Did you two fight?
None of your business.
I guess you did.
Do you know where he might be?
Or anyone he could've met?
You're being overly obsessive.
I'll hang up.
Tell Jun-hui to call me
if you get a hold of him.
Tell him yourself.
What's her problem?
Hey.
My gosh.
Goodness.
- Take a seat.
- Okay.
It's been so long.
- Have you been doing well?
- Yes.
Let me.
What do you not like about Jun-hui?
Why can't you approve of him?
My goodness.
No, it's not like that.
Is it because of me?
No, that's not...
What are you talking about?
Then why are you
against their relationship?
I'm not against it.
They've been close friends
ever since they were kids.
What a silly excuse.
I know.
To be frank, they have an age gap.
That's even more ridiculous.
Don't you have any better excuses?
I feel frustrated as well.
I shouldn't be your reason
to disapprove of Jun-hui.
Are you worried that I might depend
on my children once I get old?
Why would you think that?
Then what is it?
Give me one good reason
why you stomp all over my kid's pride
and humiliate him.
Gosh.
Are you that angry at the fact
that I met your dad?
Do you really have to get angry like this?
Why can't I?
I've been thinking of him
as a stranger until now.
But because of my girlfriend,
I have to consider him my father.
You went behind my back
and set things up yourself
so that I'd have no choice
but to accept him.
How can I be fine with that?
It's not like I wasn't aware of that.
Then
you should've discussed with me first.
You should've asked me first.
You're going to say
you didn't want to worry me.
You always use that as an excuse
to hide things from me.
It's not like you've never lied to me.
Didn't you lie to me as well?
About what?
About how your mom told me
to break up with you
and slapped me across my face?
That kind of stuff?
Why didn't you tell me?
Because I knew
how you'd react.
You'll cry and apologize to me.
You won't believe me no matter
how many times I tell you I'm fine,
and you'll try to put on a smile for me.
Every time that happens,
all I can do is to hold your hand
and hug you.
Do you know how that makes me feel?
It drives me crazy.
It makes me feel so miserable.
I don't know much about parents.
They say, "Parents are like that.
That's what parents do,"
but I don't understand what that means.
That's why I wasn't scared to date you.
I was ready to endure anything
as long as I have you by my side.
But...
this guy that I don't even understand
nor I want to try to understand...
Someone who I never want to see again
suddenly shows up
and acts like his my dad.
Even worse, in front of a woman I love.
How can you expect me
to be okay with that?
Am I supposed to feel grateful?
Why? Why should I?
- Still, he's your father.
- That mindset is also a problem.
I'm not acting like a kid.
You're making me seem like I am.
You think I should be understanding of him
and cut him some slack.
That mindset of yours makes me
seem like I'm being immature.
So are you saying it's my fault?
That's not my point.
Then what's your point?
You just said
that I'm making you feel that way.
- Jin-a.
- You're saying
I'm making you seem immature
by acting all grown-up and generous.
Fine, that's what I was doing.
You're right. Are you happy now?
- Jin-a.
- What?
- Don't you get my point?
- Of course, I get it.
You're telling me to stop acting
as if I'm more mature.
You want me to stop acting
like I'm the grown-up.
I get it.
What? Am I wrong again?
What is it then?
Never mind.
I'm sorry
for being stubborn
when I don't even know anything.
Can you open this for me?
Thank you.
Hey, Gyeong-seon.
Okay.
Gosh, we're here.
- My gosh, what's going on?
- We're home.
What's wrong with my wife?
- Come on inside.
- I should go.
It's okay. Come inside.
My gosh, look at you.
What was the word?
Look at how you keep your shoes on
like an American.
We're in Korea right now, okay?
Okay.
Welcome to our home. Come on in.
Honey! Mi-yeon!
Come this way.
- Okay.
- Here.
Sit right here.
My wife's just really shy.
Mi-yeon,
what are you doing?
Mi-yeon.
What are you doing?
Have you gone crazy?
Yes, I have.
- I'm crazy for love.
- That's enough.
Why did you bring him home?
Have you lost your mind?
Let's not be so selfish.
What?
Our kids will suffer
if we keep being too selfish.
What are you saying?
Hurry up and send him home.
Come on. Hurry up.
You can't treat our guest like this.
And he's my guest.
Guest? I've had enough of this.
Should I kick him out myself?
- Get out of my way.
- Don't you dare.
I'll kick you out instead.
Don't you dare disrespect me.
He must have completely lost his mind.
Let's not drink anymore.
Are you drunk already?
I'm completely fine right now. My gosh.
Hey.
Today, I feel...
really...
How should I put this?
I feel happy.
But I also feel sad at the same time.
Sentimental.
That's how I feel right now.
Do you understand
how I feel right now?
Yes, of course.
We get along so well.
- Here, let me pour you a glass.
- Sure.
Here you go.
- That's enough.
- Here you go.
My gosh. Honey, what are you waiting for?
Bring us some food.
Don't do that.
My wife does everything I ask her
to do.
Mi-yeon!
See?
She comes out as soon as I call her.
My goodness,
it's been a while.
Yes, it has.
I'm sorry for visiting so late at night.
You should be.
I'll be off soon.
What are you talking about?
He's going to stay over tonight.
Why are you just standing there?
Bring us something to eat.
Sit back down.
Then should we start drinking?
That sounds great.
Here you go. Cheers.
Let me pour you another one.
My gosh.
I heard you met Dad.
Jin-a told me everything.
Why didn't you go to work today?
Where were you?
I went to see Mom.
What did she say? Was she proud of you?
You must have felt really frustrated.
I could always find an answer
after seeing Mom.
But I couldn't do so today.
Maybe Mom also felt frustrated.
Do you think everything you do is right?
What did I do wrong?
Do you think I'm fond of Dad?
Do you think I love him?
But what can we do?
He's still the only parent we have.
Do we need him?
It's not because we need him.
We just deal with each other
since we live under the same sky.
If you hadn't been so lenient with him,
he wouldn't have dared to consider himself
my dad and meet Jin-a.
You're so ignorant.
I know Jin-a has a knack
for making mistakes,
but she knows how to differentiate
right from wrong.
He wanted to meet her
because he had no other way
to give us the gifts he got for us.
- You should take a seat.
- No, it's all right.
He wants you to join us.
I heard that you've been
taking such good care of my kids.
Not really.
Gosh, what are you talking about?
She took better care of them
than she took care of our own.
She adores Gyeong-seon and Jun-hui.
What do you hate so much
about Jin-a dating Jun-hui?
I want to hear your reason.
I'm really curious.
Well, do I have to...
It must be Jin-a.
The best daughter in the world is here.
Come join us.
Hey, you should get changed first.
Call Gyeong-seon or Jun-hui.
Tell them to come and get him right now.
Hurry up.
What is going on?
You got us into this mess.
Why are you asking me?
Call them right now.
Gosh, why should I call them?
Shall I call them myself?
Mom.
Would that be better?
Please don't.
You think you can ignore
everything I say now, don't you?
All right, fine.
I'll take him back to his hotel.
What is wrong with you?
Why would you do that for him?
Do you take him
as your father-in-law or what?
You're jumping the gun again.
It's not like he's a stranger.
He's my friend's dad.
Why can't I give him a ride?
Don't make a fuss about everything.
Is this my fault?
Was I the one who got us into this mess?
Fine.
It's my fault. It's all my fault.
I'm at fault for all the problems
in the world. I'm the one to blame.
What do you want me to do?
Do you want me to disappear forever?
Would that make you happy?
You brat. How can you say such a thing?
How dare you try to threaten me?
Gosh, stop spewing nonsense.
Just call them already!
Whatever.
You can call them yourself
or kick him out. Do whatever you want.
Gosh, seriously. Can't you just call them?
You prick!
What did you just say?
You've done nothing to be proud of.
How can you be so brazen?
- Dad, please.
- I can't stand this anymore.
- Dad, why...
- Gosh.
Gosh, Dad!
- Dad.
- My gosh.
How I live my life
is none of your business.
And one more thing.
I don't think
your daughter is good enough for my son!
What kind of person
gets married three times?
I'm not going to drink.
I'm going to go see Jin-a
after I drop you off.
I knew that she's good at keeping secrets,
but I feel so bad now.
I'm coming clean
because I've been feeling so guilty.
I told her to end it with you.
I got so angry when I found out
that she was going on a blind date.
I did regret a little after saying that.
Hey, wouldn't it be weird
if I wasn't bothered by it at all?
I know that, but...
I know how you must be feeling,
but can you please try
not to hurt Jin-a...
Gosh.
You're totally crazy for her.
Okay, fine. I won't say anything to her
from now on.
If you're going to sit there
looking all upset,
just go see that woman
you're so crazy for.
I want to drink a little
before heading home.
Well... Just drink at home, then.
Do I have to keep
bending over backwards...
MS. KIM
Hello?
Sorry?
My dad is there?
You came.
I'm sorry.
An apology isn't enough.
Mom.
Gyeong-seon,
you're Jun-hui's older sister.
Aren't you worried about his future?
I mean, you care about him so much.
How can you not even try to stop him?
Why do you bring that up now?
Because I have to.
I can't let this drag on forever.
And you, Jun-hui.
Did you not hear a word I said?
Are you that disrespectful
because you grew up without parents?
What did you just say?
Gyeong-seon.
That's right. We grew up without parents.
But no one has said that we're impolite
or treated us like rude brats.
Enough, okay?
I'm sorry.
If you're really sorry,
you shouldn't have let this happen
from the get-go.
It's already a disaster,
and it'll only get worse.
Look at him.
Can't you see how hopeless your father is?
You two won't be any different.
Mom, please.
Keep your mouth shut!
Can't you at least pretend
to listen to me?
Aren't you old enough now?
Why are you being so immature?
This is about your future.
You need to think about your future!
Are you saying
- Jun-hui would ruin her future?
- Whether he does or not,
I can't approve of him no matter what.
And we're not the only ones
who are against it.
Your dad also said
that he can't approve of Jin-a.
He doesn't like her.
You're really out of line.
How could you hurt him like this?
I can be a lot worse than this.
Why don't you know that I'm trying
my best to hold myself back?
If I could have my way,
I'd make sure you guys
never set foot in our place again.
Enough!
What did you just say?
I'll break up with him.
I will.
I'll end it with him, so please stop.
Jin-a.
Enough, all of you.
Jun-hui.
Let's talk again another time.
Let's end it here.
We should break up.
Jin-a.
- Jin-a.
- What do you think you're doing now?
- Jin-a!
- What do you think you're doing?
- Why are you being like this? Stop it!
- Jin-a.
- What the hell are you doing?
- Jin-a!
- Let go.
- Open the door.
Open up.
Will you throw your pride away
because you think
the fact that you two love each other
is all that matters?
Must you take things this far?
I'm having a hard time as well.
It's not like I keep saying I'm okay
because I'm really okay.
I don't think I need to worry
about Jun-hui anymore.
He grew up to be a fine man.
I'm relieved because you chose Jin-a.
Thank you.
It might be a lot harder
- than you are expecting it to be.
- Let go!
Are you sure
you'll be able to handle the consequences?
No ramyeon for you if you cry.
I want ramyeon.
I've decided to move out
and live on my own.
Do your parents want you to move out?
Let's move in together.
I don't need anything else.
You're all I need, Jun-hui.
Subtitle translation by Choi Hyeon-ju